ID-1264 I had big expectations because I love English TV, in particular Investigative and detective stuff but this guy is really boring. It didn't appeal to me at all. 2

ID-1265 I highly recommend this series. It is a must for anyone who is yearning to watch "grown up" television. Complex characters and plots to keep one totally involved. Thank you Amazin Prime. 5

ID-1266 Mysteries are interesting.  The tension between Robson and the tall blond is good but not always believable.  She often seemed uncomfortable. 4

ID-1267 It beats watching a blank screen. However, I just don't seem to be in tune with to comedy of today. 3

ID-1268 comedy is a matter of taste. this guy was a little funny but there are others that are far funnier than this guy. 3

ID-1269 if this had to do with Dat Phan, he was hilarious, I enjoyed his comedy and would watch him alone numerous times. 3

ID-1270 he's OK. His humor consists mainly of varying between a Vietnamese accent and a smooth articulate presentation of ironic situations. 2

ID-1271 some comedians are very good, some not so good, and some are just not funny.  I don't know the names to chose from and watched this by picking random episodes. However, I do know some big names in stand up comedy and these were not included on prime. 3

ID-1272 I only watched the Wanda Sykes portion of this show. I think it was interesting to watch because it was before she came out as a lesbian. She was married to a man at the time. She actually made some jokes that raised my eyebrows since she is now a lesbian. I didn't like this because it seemed hypocritical but I think Wanda Sykes is really funny. She is one of the few comedians who can make me really LOL (Laugh Out Loud). If you want to see what her comedy was like before she came out a lesbian or you are a Wanda Sykes fan, watch it. I am a huge fan of hers. I would like to see her in a live how. I am glad she is true to herself now and came out as a lesbian. I hope Wanda keeps on making me and others laugh for a long time to come. 3

ID-1273 All the comedians are hilarious. I have seen them all before on Comedy Central but what a great idea to put them all together. I love Amazon prime and I love their shows. They are so much better than Netflix. I got rid of my Netflix Amazon rocks and Netflix well it thymes with rocks but in a bad way. 5

ID-1274 I enjoyed the first season a lot. The 4 main characters are very funny with their self centered ways. The second season they added Danny Devito  (Frank Reynolds) as the deranged father figure. Now most of the story lines revolve around him. Not as funny. Maybe it's better to just leave well enough alone. 4

ID-1275 I wish I were a part of this cast. This is the funniest stuff ever. YOU MUST GET THIS IF YOU ARE A DIE HARD SUNNY FAN! 5

ID-1276 funny thing. My brother's been trying to get me to watch this show forever. As it turns out, I get the videos of the day, everyday, and one was Charlie Day giving the commencement speech at his alma mater, Merrimack college in New Hampshire. it was then I realized that its Always Sunny in Philadelphia, was his show, and he's from New Hampshire where I'm from also.of course, this is what prompted me to actually start watching the show. I really enjoy it, it almost seems unscripted. The best part is, it's on Amazon Prime for free. How can you beat that! 4

ID-1277 Scott Towers", "helpful": [0, 0], "reviewText": "Fan-tastic. This is a show about terrible people being terrible, and it's hilarious and mean and perfect. Watching the characters grow into such vile monsters is a real joy. Seriously! 5



 